I touch pure love now if one is sleeping
here this extensive time will quickly
turn cold I'm just a nurse and it's just
that I was not born on this glimmering
and froze and white store the night
hands unfold like a butterfly this scar
is removed with one flick of its wrist
courage in order to break down the past
this idea man to be enveloped in
gratuitous love i seed pure love still
if one stay sleeping here this pervasive
time will break just like glass I am
just he understand I was not born here
on a sad moonless and frozen black no
I
you
this crime bears many stars from ancient
times and today passing through eternity
breakaway this unforgiving desire
gineering to shout out there's a start
if you want it oh baby some sense of
giving do what I say look into my eyes
and see the beginning on an eternal down
since you want it all baby since I
forgiving do what I say look into my
eyes I see the beginning of this new
underworld ah my solitude is due solely
this angry conflict will sharpen and
worlds will collide as passion i
accelerated sure that the true color of
this skin will change I be Navy
destroyer I
even destroy
Oh